README.md, before:

# VirtoCommerce Samples

Test Jira<=>GitHub US KP-7
Test Jira<=>GitHub task KP-8
Test Jira<=>GitHub bug KP-9


This repository is the official storage for VirtoCommerce samples source code. Each folder represents an individual sample.

## Current samples

* CartModule2 - sample extending VC cart and line item with new fields

* CustomerReviews - an example of a custom module with best coding practices, recommended code structure and styleguides applied. Includes DAL, web API and custom Platform web UI

* CustomerReviews.Export - [Generic export](https://github.com/VirtoCommerce/vc-module-export) implementation for CustomerReviews sample module

* EnrichmentFormSample - [Sample UI module which allow you edit dynamic address properties using Google Map API](/EnrichmentFormSample/Readme.md)

* External.PricingModule - an example of expansion is the price module. The example added an additional field "BasePrice" for the entity PriceEntity. The repository has also been updated and the migration has been added. This sample was generated using "Virto Commerce 2.x Pricing Module extension" template in Visual Studio. The template can be obtained with [Virto Commerce 2.x Module Templates](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Virto-Commerce.VirtoCommerceModuleTemplates) extension

* FtpIntegrationSample - sample [Microsoft Logic Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/) application to show how to export orders to CSV file and save it in FTP folder

* IntegrationOrders - sample [Microsoft Logic Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/) application to show how to integrate VirtoCommerce platform with external services and how to handle Logic Apps exceptions

* ManagedModule - source code for "Sample Managed Module" in [Creating new module](https://virtocommerce.com/docs/vc2devguide/working-with-platform-manager/extending-functionality/creating-new-module) tutorial

* MemberExtensionSampleModule - source code for [Extending Members domain types](https://virtocommerce.com/docs/vc2devguide/extending-commerce/extending-members-domain-types) tutorial

* OrderModule2 - sample project demonstrated how to extend  API, UI and Domain types in [Order module](https://github.com/VirtoCommerce/vc-module-order)

* ProgressiveWebAppPrototype - sample PWA application to show Service Worker and IndexedDB API features as well as offline mode

* UnmanagedModule - source code for "Sample Unmanaged Module" in [Creating new module](https://virtocommerce.com/docs/vc2devguide/working-with-platform-manager/extending-functionality/creating-new-module) tutorial

* VcSapIntegration - [Microsoft Logic Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/) application sample to show how to integrate VirtoCommerce platform with SAP. 

* WhatsAppNotification - Sample sending Order change notifications to WhatsApp via Twilio or Woowa gateways

## License

Copyright (c) Virto Solutions LTD.  All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Virto Commerce Open Software License (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may
obtain a copy of the License at

http://virtocommerce.com/opensourcelicense

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.

Commit message:

link to jira issues in PR body KP-9

README.md, after:

# VirtoCommerce Samples

Test Jira<=>GitHub US KP-7
Test Jira<=>GitHub task KP-8
Test Jira<=>GitHub bug KP-9

Test Jira<=>GitHub link to jira issues in PR body

This repository is the official storage for VirtoCommerce samples source code. Each folder represents an individual sample.

## Current samples

* CartModule2 - sample extending VC cart and line item with new fields

* CustomerReviews - an example of a custom module with best coding practices, recommended code structure and styleguides applied. Includes DAL, web API and custom Platform web UI

* CustomerReviews.Export - [Generic export](https://github.com/VirtoCommerce/vc-module-export) implementation for CustomerReviews sample module

* EnrichmentFormSample - [Sample UI module which allow you edit dynamic address properties using Google Map API](/EnrichmentFormSample/Readme.md)

* External.PricingModule - an example of expansion is the price module. The example added an additional field "BasePrice" for the entity PriceEntity. The repository has also been updated and the migration has been added. This sample was generated using "Virto Commerce 2.x Pricing Module extension" template in Visual Studio. The template can be obtained with [Virto Commerce 2.x Module Templates](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Virto-Commerce.VirtoCommerceModuleTemplates) extension

* FtpIntegrationSample - sample [Microsoft Logic Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/) application to show how to export orders to CSV file and save it in FTP folder

* IntegrationOrders - sample [Microsoft Logic Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/) application to show how to integrate VirtoCommerce platform with external services and how to handle Logic Apps exceptions

* ManagedModule - source code for "Sample Managed Module" in [Creating new module](https://virtocommerce.com/docs/vc2devguide/working-with-platform-manager/extending-functionality/creating-new-module) tutorial

* MemberExtensionSampleModule - source code for [Extending Members domain types](https://virtocommerce.com/docs/vc2devguide/extending-commerce/extending-members-domain-types) tutorial

* OrderModule2 - sample project demonstrated how to extend  API, UI and Domain types in [Order module](https://github.com/VirtoCommerce/vc-module-order)

* ProgressiveWebAppPrototype - sample PWA application to show Service Worker and IndexedDB API features as well as offline mode

* UnmanagedModule - source code for "Sample Unmanaged Module" in [Creating new module](https://virtocommerce.com/docs/vc2devguide/working-with-platform-manager/extending-functionality/creating-new-module) tutorial

* VcSapIntegration - [Microsoft Logic Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/) application sample to show how to integrate VirtoCommerce platform with SAP. 

* WhatsAppNotification - Sample sending Order change notifications to WhatsApp via Twilio or Woowa gateways

## License

Copyright (c) Virto Solutions LTD.  All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Virto Commerce Open Software License (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may
obtain a copy of the License at

http://virtocommerce.com/opensourcelicense

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.
